4.58 changelog (#4437)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.58.0
==========
### New Features
- Removed support for deprecated .NET 4.6.1 framework and added .NET 4.6.2 support. MSAL.NET packages will no longer include `net461` binary. Existing .NET 4.6.1 apps will now reference .NET Standard 2.0 MSAL binary. See [4315](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4315).
- MSAL.NET repository now supports Central Package Management. See [3434](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3434).

> - 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSAL.NET now instrument metrics using open telemetry aggregating token acquisition success and failure calls along with histogram to measure latencies in cache, http and altogether for a request in MSAL. See [4229](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4229)
```

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed support for dual headed accounts that share the same UPN for both, an MSA and an AAD accounts. See [4425](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4425).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Resolved the issue with dual-headed accounts that share the same UPN for both Microsoft (MSA) and Azure Active Directory (AAD) accounts. See [4425](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4425).
```

> - Resolved the issue with dual-headed accounts that share the same UPN for both Microsoft (MSA) and Azure Active Directory (AAD) accounts. See [4425](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4425).

Author: ```suggestion
- Resolved the issue with dual-headed accounts that share the same UPN for both, Microsoft (MSA) and Microsoft Entra (Azure AD) accounts. See [4425](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4425).
```

- MSAL now correctly falls back to use local cache if broker fails to return a result for `AcquireTokenSilent` calls. See [4395](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4395).
- Fixed a bug when the cache level in the telemetry was not correctly set to L1 Cache when in-memory cache was used. See [4414](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4414).
- Deprecated `WithAuthority` on the request builders. Set the authority on the application builders. Use `WithTenantId` or `WithTenantIdFromAuthority` on the request builder to update the tenant ID. See [4406](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4406).

> - Fixed an issue with the Windows broker dependencies when the app was targetting NativeAOT on Windows. See [4424](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4424).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the Windows broker dependencies when the app was targetting NativeAOT on Windows. See [4424](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4424).
- Updated Microsoft.Identity.Client.NativeInterop reference to version 0.13.14, which includes bug fixes and stability improvements. See https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/pull/4439.
```

4.58.0
==========
### New Features
- Removed support for deprecated .NET 4.6.1 framework and added .NET 4.6.2 support. MSAL.NET packages will no longer include `net461` binary. Existing .NET 4.6.1 apps will now reference .NET Standard 2.0 MSAL binary. See [4315](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4315).
- MSAL.NET repository now supports Central Package Management. See [3434](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/3434).

> - MSAL.NET now instrument metrics using open telemetry aggregating token acquisition success and failure calls along with histogram to measure latencies in cache, http and altogether for a request in MSAL. See [4229](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4229)

Author: ```suggestion
- Added instrumentation to collect metrics with Open Telemetry. Aggregated metrics consist of successful and failed token acquisition calls, total request duration, duration in cache, and duration in a network call. See [4229](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4229)
```
